That night 15 years ago
So what happened?
You want to know?
Kneel down and beg
Please make me happy.
Maybe I will be merciful
I'll tell you what happened that year
Golden Dragon
You are going further and further on the road of death, hahaha.
Come on, hit me
I'm by your side
Ye Feifan, I can guarantee it.
As long as you move me
You will never lift your head for the rest of your life
Hand over the Tai Chi diagram
I will spare your dog's life
You are not a jade pendant
This is the key to the Tai Chi diagram
If I get the jade pendant
You can refer to the Tai Chi diagram
A breakthrough is just around the corner.
Hahahahaha this person is
I didn't expect it.
The preparation of a mother dog also has such an effect
Too much Tai Chi
How much do you know?
I advise you not to hand over the jade pendant for free.
As long as you hand over the jade pendant today
I don't have to kill you for now.
Want jade pendant
Then see if you have the ability to grab it.
Ye Feifan, you can't keep the jade pendant.
I could grab the Tai Chi map back then
I can grab the jade pendant today.
It seems that when your business
You know that.
Who was the person who hurt my mother back then?
You don't deserve to know what happened back then
Since you don't want to pay
Then don't blame me for robbing it